Again, we understand how we do the motivation of the joy and the application and the vastness of
the motivation of the Bodhisattva, and a period of realization of the true nature of everything as
it is.
And so we activated that, and then I just began like, in a way, to summarize, in a way, to
highlight the essence of what we discussed.
And I also thought to do today, because I know some of the members of the 19th century, I should do
some lessons of the chief practice.
We did those 10 great Thetans, I just covered all those where we taught. So we taught to do that
also during these morning sessions.
I thought, possibly, we'd do our practices, and then we got, after we finished the Dharmapala, and
then we go up to the library, and then we, I will do that ceremony to blessings or the empowerment
or the blessings of those texts, we did prayers and aspirations.
So that's what we thought. But first, I will do a little bit, kind of, highlight our essence of
meaning.
What we've been discussing this time, we went through the historian of the Nyingma schools of Adv
aita Buddhism.
Nyingma school has two major lineage, Kamalini and Thermalini.
Kamalini is a foundation, and Thermalini is the correct level of the ornaments or the essence of
the Kama teachings.
So Kama is like all those Kama teachings such as Ayurveda teachings and Anu-Yoga teachings.
And Dhokti teachings, those all are known as Kama teachings. Particularly, those are orally
transmitted, explained by the great masters, such as from Master Garab Doge to then, Gaurapayama
Sambo, and Vimala Matra, and Verojala, and as well as all the other Indian great masters.
Masters, those teachings are like clarifications of the Buddha teachings.
Buddha teaching is clay, is nothing that you know. However, Buddha teaching is deep and ocean, deep
as ocean, vastness as sky.
And it's difficult to understand immediately that, because of complexity and infinite meaning of
those teachings.
So these great masters, such as all these Indian great masters, they are also predicted by the
Buddha Chaturman himself,
who will come and glorify and clarify of the teachings, so they are easy to understand and easy to
practice.
So as they did, and those teachings are continually as oral transmission, orally, from Master to
the teacher, continually came to be, continually,
without the spoilt in either the college of the teaching, and without the neglect, and everyone
practices.
All these masters practice meditating, they observe the meaning to the heart, and they become as
great masters.
They are not just born as great masters, they practice meditating, actualized.
So that means, what they actualize? They are actualized of the complete ultimate meaning of the
loving kindness, the conviction,
versatile, and free from the ego-clinging, self-important, self-centered mind, and negative
emotions.
That's what they really remove. In a river, the ultimate goal or ultimate calling of the true
nature,
exactly as it is, as Buddha Chaturmani discovered, they discovered.
In the Buddha teachings, we all know, in the Buddha Chaturmani said, everyone has the same nature.
There is no really difference at all. No matter what you are there, regardless of whatever the
situation and circumstances we go through,
but nature is the same. If they walked hard for them to discover their nature, according the right
correct way,
they will discover and become what the Buddha has led me. That's what the gracious teacher, Buddha
Chaturmani said.
So this great master, who was practicing the practice and meditating, they actualized that religion
.
And that lineage teaching, the lineage teaching of loving kindness and compassion,
like the stainless teaching, continuity and disturbance, came there.
And then, when it came to Tibet, and the gurupi was more clarified or more kind of centralized
essence of that teaching.
And those teachings, more easy to practice, those are known as dharma teachings.
Very easy, simple, more direct and more powerful practice is conducive to easy practicing.
And that is known as dharma teaching.
And Gurupi and Masambha gave those teachings at the time of the 8th century, with all the disciple
students,
they practiced and meditated, but then, thinking of the future generations,
and then Gurupi and Masambha, those are hidden, along with the wisdom and recognition, so it does.
Very hidden that teaching, then known as three extra lineages, as we went through those,
and that is not designated and professed, professed lineages.
So that means, this means that all the great masters, practicing, who were the student of Gurupi
and Masambha,
and the Boman Matara, great master, Shandara Chaka, they are like bodhisattva, great bodhisattva.
They are completely determined to benefit, to uphold the teachings of benefit for all living beings
,
and uphold the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni and Vediana teachings.
Therefore, they, Gurupi and Masambha, designated or enthroned, enthroned and professed.
That is known as lineage, lineage of the professed and designated.
When that happened, Gurupi and Masambha were given special blessings,
and the empowerment that happened, that is known as the empowerment and the blessing lineages.
And then, known as after that happened,
and then they handed the teaching to Vakini and Dharmapala, not just only that, to all those
practitioners,
who received that teaching, he handed that to them.
So that means what? Acknowledge it, acknowledge it then, and profess who will be, when you will
come,
when you will come in the future, what you will do, where you will be,
what is that time, your name, and all that complete prophecy.
And then bless it. And then, as well as empowerment.
Empowerment, that means the empowerment of that teachings.
And then, they, what they did, are known as handed over the teachings.
Handed over teaching with full trustness.
And they received that teachings complete with joy and a devotional heart,
and they are going to really carry that on.
At the same time, Dharmapala and Dhakini are also there,
and they received, and they are going to protect that teachings.
So that whole thing is, is, happened at that time.
And not just only that time, then also when they bombed,
as Gurugam Masambhav predicted, they bombed, or when they take the birth.
And that time also that happened, all that three too.
Not just only that time happened, it's not happened.
When they got all that lineage teaching,
according to the Buddha teaching and the Gurugam Masambhav teaching,
it preserved and kept in their primordial wisdom status.
The ultimate state of the primordial wisdom.
And they kept. The primordial wisdom is the one way, is lectureical lock it.
Lock it. It all preserved that.
And it re-activated that.
Re-activated by the Gurugam Masambhav in the wisdom Dhakini Shintoja,
and it re-activated by their individuals too.
To that. This is known as then, aspiration break.
For those reasons, in the Tenma teaching,
offering said, maturing the aspirations
and waking up their karmic connections.
Waking up the karmic connections.
Because it's, it's all that is matured.
When we talking about the aspirations, in general the Buddha teaching,
there is ten aspirations of the great bodhisattvas.
All the bodhisattvas. These ten aspirations.
They always keep that aspirations.
Aspirations, in other words, may be prayers.
They put wish forward, putting wish forward.
These prayers, on this wish forward,
putting forward the wish forward.
Power of aspirations.
First is, always be praying, always be serviced in the Buddha.
Serviced of the Buddha.
So that means all the enlightenment.
That means may I be always serviced to the Buddha.
The second aspiration is, may I always uphold the teachings.
And the third aspiration, pray, is,
may I able to perform the physical emanation as is needed
to benefit all the beings.
Fourth aspiration, pray,
may I able to travel or go different places
to receive and activate the teaching practices and meditations.
And fifth aspiration, pray,
may I perform all the six parameter practices,
all the ten parameter practices, may I perform.
And sixth phrase, aspiration,
may I always benefit you to send in the beings.
Make sure they are Buddha nature.
That means bring out their love, bring out their compassion,
bring out of their courage and commitment.
May I able to bring them.
That.
And seventh is,
may I have always benefited to environmental levels.
Operify the universe, the world, the environment.
And then, may I always be able to be,
or may I always be casual and simple as other sentient beings.
All the sentient beings that you are going to walk and benefit,
have and support.
So may I always be like them,
not just standing up to something, kind of something different ways.
May I always be that way.
And the ninth aspiration is,
whatever I do, I have meaningful, meaningful activities, meaningful benefits.
So whatever I do, it benefited to the beings
and benefited to the meaningful purposes.
And always fruitful, whatever we do.
Not just the kind who lost them.
And then finally, all that aspiration, may I achieve enlightenment,
become Buddha, as well as also everyone get enlightenment.
Those are known as ten great aspiration prayers of the Bodhisattvas.
Bodhisattvas.
That is what these great datums, great masters,
great Bodhisattvas put forward that wish,
that prayer, in the presence of Bhagavad-Bhagavatam Sambho,
and most of the Dakinis in Georgia,
and in Bodhisattva, everywhere.
Generally, always the teaching said,
not just have to be physical, some of the experience,
you are activating good heart.
This is all good heart.
This is totally authentic of loving kindness,
compassion, and the egolessness statement.
That's what I like to follow.
For example, one insight, I'm always harvesting the Buddhas.
The activity of the Bodhisattva mind
never be displeased in any enlightened beings.
Everything is lined up exactly what the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas did,
or what they're doing, or what they will do.
May I line up there to benefit for all the living beings?
And then, but also said, I'll hold the teachings.
What are the teachings, generally, when talking?
I hold the teachings, there are two teachings, not us.
The scriptural teachings, the realization of the meaning teachings,
scriptural teachings, according to Bodhisattva,
or Bodhisattva teachings, six, those three, or sorry,
three basket teachings, vinaya teachings,
suttara teachings, abhidhana teachings,
all the nayanana teachings, all eighty-four thousand standards of the teachings,
those are all known as scriptural teaching or teaching on the book poems.
To uphold that, keeping up that is called scriptural teachings,
and they debate longer truths.
And then, not just holding that books,
but then the second is the meaning of that teaching,
applying that to one's own self,
not just that you can't really hold that books as like honor shares,
but practicing that into heart.
And what have been put the practices, what are those teachings?
You all know, it's called three extraordinary practices,
practicing on the moralities, practicing on the concentricers,
practicing on the wisdoms, and the love, and compassion,
that is observed in the heart.
That is actually the meaning of the entire Bodha teaching.
Whether it's Mahayana, whether it's the basic Bodhisattva teaching,
or whether it's vinayana teaching, or whether it's zogki teaching,
that it conveys, condenses all the teachings in that status,
or practices, all that status.
Morality, concentration, anniversities.
Observing the inner heart, then plus all that what I said listed,
all that ten aspirations.
So they, these great thetans, not just a regular sense of means,
or by chance they can become that.
Truly they designated the met that commitment,
they put that aspirations.
So every time they throw out the lifetimes, or throw out the days,
and put only that goal.
What they practice, what they uphold,
that's what they benefited from sending things.
So therefore, these teachings are also when we went through the teaching,
how they're so humble, so humble, so humane.
And we're full of, even though they have extra only relaxation,
but their love and their devotions, humility.
I mean, so uncreatable.
Many people's kind of, if that kind of realization,
some things, the episode normal, they can get errors.
They think some spirits, they kind of act that I'm the like,
maybe they're going to say I'm the guru of him or someone,
or the Buddha, they're going to claim all those things.
I'm directly connected to the Buddha and the Bodhisattvas.
I'm there claiming that, announcing that.
No, it's so humble, so simple, so daunted up,
following every systems of the teachings in the relative truth,
exactly what it should do.
Avoiding all the negative activities,
performing all the beneficial activities.
And practicing that, that.
And absolutely, their realization is vast as sky,
as deep as the ocean, and fearlessness.
They're not hesitating.
They're not kind of lingering every direction.
Because they don't have ego clean.
They don't have any kind of emotion connected.
Their determination, their courage, their commitment.
They understand it's so firm, so strong,
as like solid mountains, unshackles.
This is what we were discussed this time.
We went footsteps, retold all those teachings.
In a way, already we're connected to these great thetums
or the teachings of Gurbel and Sama,
but really activated, renewed.
And also we can brighten our understanding,
realization of what thetum means.
Thetum means what is thetums.
Thetums.
And so that's what really we went.
And I'm very happy that we had that opportunity to discuss.
And again, thank you very much, everyone,
to participate, and we talk with it,
and kind of feel these blessings of the thetums.
So now we do the practices as we do up and down.
And then after that, as I said,
we do the Vedic Lai practices and Dharma Palai.
And yesterday, before that,
we see with the blessings from--
check the involvement from the book, Vedic Lai.
And then we go up to the library,
and then I do the ceremony,
and there is the blessings of the--
of the--the blessings of the teachers.